Modify S6303: Add more risks (#2556)
SonarSource/rspec: rules/S6303/description.adoc

This situation can occur in a variety of scenarios, such as:

> * a malicious insider working at the cloud provider gains physical access to the storage device.

Reviewer: These entries I would write upper-case since they are full sentences and end with dots.

* unknown attackers penetrate the cloud provider's logical infrastructure and systems.

After a successful intrusion, the underlying applications are exposed to:

> * Theft of intellectual property and/or personal data

Reviewer: These entries I would write lower-case since they are just an enumeration (https://github.com/SonarSource/rspec/blob/master/docs/styling_guide.adoc#lists).

> * a malicious insider working at the cloud provider gains physical access to the storage device.
> * unknown attackers penetrate the cloud provider's logical infrastructure and systems.
> 
> After a succesful intrusion, the underlying applications is exposed to:
> 
> * Theft of intellectual property and/or personal data
> * Extortion
> * Denial of services and security bypasses

Author: ```suggestion
* a malicious insider working at the cloud provider gains physical access to the storage device.
* unknown attackers penetrate the cloud provider's logical infrastructure and systems.

After a successful intrusion, the underlying applications are exposed to:

* Theft of intellectual property and/or personal data
* Extortion
* Denial of services and security bypasses
```

> * Denial of services and security bypasses

Reviewer: It is not obvious to me how DOS is related to an unencrypted database.
